Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
♪ I believe in miracles ♪
♪ Where you from. you sexy thing ♪
♪ You sexy thing. you ♪
♪ I believe in miracles ♪
Hey.
♪ Since you came along. you sexy thing ♪
-So nice to finally meet you.
-Please. lower your expectations.
I'm way more charming on email.
Well…
I'm glad you asked me out. Finally.
I'm a cardio girl. I don't normally
just hang out by the weights.
I do not normally lift that much.
It was either ask you out
or get a hernia trying to impress you.
So. okay. why did you leave
London for New Jersey?
It was a job opportunity.
I'm an in-house lawyer at Air Cruz.
-Oh. I love Air Cruz. Thank you.
-Thank you.
Always on time. great snacks.
Cheers.
I love your commercials.
"I'm not just the CEO of Air Cruz.
I'm also a pilot."
I hate doing those.
My dad used to do them.
then when he retired. I had to do them.
It's the worst part of the job.
Ah. you're great.
My ex-wife is going to be so jealous that
I am on a date with the Air Cruz lady.
Oh. this is not a date.
This is a work dinner.
Well…
A little birdie told me
that you're single.
-And so am I… legally now.
-Oh.
Best six months of my life.
Well…
-I'm here to talk business. So… yeah.
-Sorry. you're right.
Trust me. the last thing
I want to talk about is my ex-wife.
Okay.
Stacey.
Mm. But. wait.
wasn't that like a huge demotion?
Oh. Um… I don't know.
Practicing international law
on a global scale is rewarding.
but today at Air Cruz.
I did resolve a dispute between
a passenger and an emotional support dog.
Ooh.
You're hiding something. Thank you.
Why did you really leave?
-Did you quit. or did you get fired?
-No.
You can tell me anything.
I'm like a vault.
Like. my ex-boyfriend gave me scabies
and I didn't tell a soul.
Well done.
Air Cruz is expanding
into Dallas-Fort Worth.
-It's huge for us.
-Dallas.
And I'd like the lounge there to reflect
and be kind of like a cathedral for--
Larry?
Oh. Uh…
Excuse me. Um…
Stacey's from Dallas.
Oh.
That's where we met.
Mmm.
Are you crying?
No. no. no.
I'm not crying. I'm not crying.
-Larry!
-I'm sorry!
Should we get some food?
Let's get some food.
Mm-mmm. I had a protein bar earlier.
You know why I come here?
For these bad boys.
They're so good. right?
Can't even taste the tequila. right?
But it's in there. It's definitely there.
Shall we get some water?
Oh. my God.
They're playing my literal favorite song.
Oh. my God. I love this song.
It's a good song.
We have to dance.
-Oh. Uh. we don't. We absolutely don't.
-I think we should just dance.
No. Absolutely not. It's a restaurant.
Not a dancing place.
Okay. You want to stay seated.
you dirty dog?
Sorry everybody. Excuse me.
Tanya. please. I'm begging you.
♪ Tell it to my heart ♪
♪ I can feel… ♪ Oh. whoa.
-Oh. no.
-Oh my God.
What the fuck?
Sit down. or my boyfriend
will kick your fucking ass.
-Tanya. I am so sorry.
-Put a leash on her.
To be clear.
no one will be kicking your ass.
I do apologize. everyone.
Dessert is on me.
Oh. shit.
And then
we stopped sleeping together.
She. uh…
She thought it was her fault. but…
honestly…
-it was mine.
-Mmm.
And now I masturbate to her.
I jerk off to my ex-wife.
I mean. is that fucked up or--
And that's my cue. Okay.
Excuse me.
I had a really nice time tonight.
-Good night. Tanya.
-Oh.
Not on the first date. huh?
You are a gentleman.
Well…
till next time.
-Good night.
God. you're such a pussy.
Mom! I'm home.
Jackie. uh.
I just want to apologize again.
I'm really sorry.
You should call…
Stacey.
She might be home thinking about you too.
And masturbating?
Goodbye. Larry.
Sorry.
All right. Frederick. here we are.
Finished last night.
If you could get that
to Mr. Vance when he gets in. please.
That was fast.
You can take more time if you want.
Mr. Vance will be mad
if there are mistakes. so…
Um…
There are no mistakes.
-All right. Clair?
-Ugh. no.
It's freezing outside.
then it's 1.000 degrees on the train.
so I sweat all the way through
my thermal underwear.
Then that sweat froze on my walk to work.
Now I have this. like.
insane rash behind my knees.
Oh. dear.
What did you get up to last night?
Oh. nothing.
No. you did something. What was it?
Just something personal.
Like what?
I'm sorry. I think
this might be a cultural difference.
Discussing personal things
with a co-worker seems
inappropriate or rude to me.
So when I say. "All right. Clair."
I'm not really asking if you're all right.
I'm just saying. "Hello."
Oh. Because for me.
if you ask a question. then I answer it.
because that is how a conversation works.
Right.
-Well. for example. yesterday. when you--
-Morning.
When you told me your IBS was intense…
That's a personal issue
for your personal life. Do you see?
-What do you want me to say?
-Just all right.
I say all right. you say all right.
and we go about our day.
But I'm not all right.
No one's all right. Clair. We just say it.
-Good morning. Ms. Cruz.
-Good morning.
-Hey. hey. How'd it go last night?
-Nightmare.
-Who told Larry I was single?
-Who doesn't know you're single?
-Fair.
-I'm so sorry. Meaning that he hit on you?
-Then he cried.
-I'm gonna scream.
It makes me so angry
when people cannot separate their
business life from their personal life.
Except in your case.
which is business life and business life.
Hey.
I don't need anybody else
in my life right now.
I'm focused on work.
I hear that. sister.
-Oh my God.
-Okay.
I know I'm not supposed to ask this.
but how are you even walking right now?
You're actually not allowed to ask that.
Sorry. go ahead.
-No. You.
-It's your airline. Okay.
Seriously. Shouldn't you be home?
Or in a hospital… giving birth.
I'm gonna go to the hospital
when the baby comes.
then I'll resume work the next day.
You're kidding. right?
We have maternity leave.
I'm worried about you.
-Hey. Marcus.
-Yeah?
-Get this down to legal.
-Ms. Cruz?
-Yeah. right away. Ms. Bloom.
-Thank you.
"Right away. Ms. Bloom"?
So. you all set for the deposition?
Eh.
-Nervous.
-No. Look. this is nothing. It's nothing.
If the biggest airline on the planet
is not suing somebody somewhere.
their dicks get soft.
-Sydney.
-What?
You can't say that. The door is open.
-It's true.
-For fuck's sake.
It's gonna be fine.
Vance is gonna destroy them.
-He is. isn't he?
-Yes. I'd buy a ticket to see this one.
Peter Vance is going to
eat those assholes for breakfast.
Gunderson. Peter Vance here.
What is this horse shit
about moving up the deposition?
Peter. I'm sorry.
-Huh?
-Oh. I… I…
-Oh. fuck you!
-Peter…
Okay. listen. asshole.
If that's the only time
in your CEO's precious schedule.
-I'll depose his ass too. Yeah.
-You're not… Peter.
Yeah. I fucking can.
Check your email. dipshit.
Guess what?
I can… are you there?
What's going on?
I don't know
if it was beef or chorizo but…
- All right. Clair?
- No. not at all.
Mr. Vance choked on his breakfast burrito.
Oh. my God.
You can have burritos for breakfast?
- I'm so sorry. Is he okay?
- He has a tube down his throat.
He's using hand signals
to sue the food truck
for a recklessly large sausage chunk.
Is this him. are you Blanchflower?
Yes. Daniel Blanchflower.
Well. the general goes down.
Time to bring in the colonel.
Vance says you're hot shit. so you're
on the Falcon Airlines deposition.
-Be in Ms. Cruz's office in five minutes.
-I'll be there.
Ooh…
Why are you all looking at me like that?
Have you met Ms. Cruz?
No. Rachael.
I have not yet had the pleasure.
"Pleasure?"
So you enjoy feeling dumb and scared?
She's tough. Don't babble.
But don't say nothing.
Just speak the exact right amount.
And do not compliment her shoes.
It was the worst elevator ride of my life.
She likes the smell of lavender.
Try to smell like lavender.
She hates the sound of breathing.
Don't breathe.
But if you have to breathe.
try to take a quick gasp
through the side of your mouth. like this.
-Go right in. She's expecting you.
-Thank you.
Good luck.
Holy shit.
You're very. um…
impressive.
You…
glow. you…
Wow.
You're the new lawyer?
Yes. Sorry. I am he. Daniel Blanchflower.
Nice shoes.
Fuck.
Sydney?
Yes?
- This is the guy?
- Yeah. This is…
Bl… I literally already forgot it.
-Blanchflower.
-Blankplowder.
-That's what I said.
Can we postpone the deposition?
No. It'll look like
we're hiding something.
Ms. Cruz. I can assure you
I am quite capable and happy
to help with whatever
you may need help with.
Shoes or law…
Probably more law-based help.
I imagine you need. actually. from me.
- Have a good day. ma'am.
- Thank you.
Good morning. I'm Daniel.
-Vanessa. Nice to meet you.
-Nice to meet you.
Okay. Well. let's begin.
Ms. Cruz. four months ago. on July 25th.
Falcon Airlines had a verbal agreement
with the board
of the Dallas-Fort Worth airport
to acquire 10 gates in their new terminal.
-Are you aware of all this?
-Yes.
But on July 26th. the very next day.
you flew to Dallas
on your personal private jet. Cruz One.
to meet with Charles Johnson. the chairman
of the Dallas-Fort Worth board.
And after your evening together.
Mr. Johnson just changed his mind.
decided to give the gates that he had
already given to Falcon Airlines to you.
-Is that correct?
-Yes.
Would you care to tell us what happened
that evening between you and Mr. Johnson?
-We had dinner.
-Did you go anywhere else after dinner?
Back to your hotel?
- Back to his place?
- No.
Maybe the ATM?
You are aware that Mr. Johnson.
days after your dinner. bought a boat?
Okay. which is it? Did I bribe him.
or did I sleep with him?
You tell us.
That's what we're here to find out.
I need a moment to confer.
Ms. Cruz. the breaks are at a set time.
-What the fuck are you doing?
-What would you have me do?
Vance would be fighting every word
coming out of his creepy little mouth.
-Object!
-I won't do that.
-Do it.
-No.
-Ms. Cruz.
-Do it. or I'll fire your ass.
-Then fire me.
Look. I know I didn't make
a great first impression.
but to be fair. you do glow
and those are amazing shoes.
I have done this before.
Well. you…
better fucking show me something in there.
And finally. Ms. Cruz.
after your evening
together with Mr. Johnson.
the two of you met for breakfast
the next morning. Is that correct?
It was coffee. We didn't have breakfast.
Fine.
Coffee.
Thank you for everything. Jackie.
I'm done with her.
Are we gonna take a break
before we depose Mr. Butten?
No. I only have a question or two.
It shouldn't take long.
Um. so…
for the record…
you are William Butten.
CEO of Falcon Airlines.
-I am. but you can call me Bill.
-Wonderful.
So. Bill…
you seem to know an awful lot about
the time Ms. Cruz spent with Mr. Johnson.
I guess I do.
You know when they went to dinner.
You know where they went to dinner.
Do you know what they ate?
She had the filet
and he had the Chilean sea bass.
Right.
So. for me.
I think the question's quite simple.
How do you know all this?
Uh…
The…
information was given to me by a…
interesting pers-- an interested party
who happened upon the knowledge of the…
facts.
I'm so sorry. I didn't quite get that.
Vanessa. would you mind reading that back?
-That's not… You don't have to.
-I do. He asked me to. It's my job. Okay.
"I. uh. the information was given to me
by a. uh. interesting person.
interested party who happened upon
the knowledge of the. uh…
facts."
-That's what he said.
-Thank you. Vanessa.
-Mm-hmm.
-I am curious.
Who was the interested party?
Paul. Paul something. I forget.
-Paul Huntingford.
-Yes.
-Mr. Johnson's personal assistant.
Did you pay him or just sleep with him?
We're gonna call it.
I'm sorry to cut this off.
-The breaks are at a set time.
-Yeah. we'll be in touch.
Now.
-Thank you. Vanessa.
-Thank you. Good job. Daniel.
-Heather?
-Yes. Ms. Cruz?
Can you ask Mr. Blanchflower
to come up here. please?
Absolutely.
Yeah. and then
you can go home for the day.
Okay. goodnight.
Thank you.
Ms. Cruz?
Close the door. please.
Have a seat.
Well. this is
my least favorite thing to do…
but…
I'm sorry.
Are there more words to that sentence?
No.
I hate apologizing.
so please. just accept it.
-I do.
-You did great today.
Well. I had familiarized
myself with the case.
You read all that on the off chance
that your boss would choke on a sausage
chunk the morning of the deposition.
Well. you'd be amazed the amount
of lawyers who choke on sausage chunks.
The numbers are staggering.
Well…
It's nice to meet someone
who gives a shit.
It's rare.
For most people. work is something
that you have to endure until the weekend.
But for me…
this is the best part.
I get that.
So. thank you…
for being one of us.
You're welcome.
-Whoa!
-I am so sorry.
What the fuck. dude?
-I assure you. this is not my choice.
-Get the fuck out of my office!
Yes. of course. Dear God. I'm so sorry.
I would like to explain.
I think this was caused by a variety
of stimulus. or stimuli… Never mind.
Why is it still here?
I don't know. and I wish it would go away.
and I'm leaving right now. I am so sorry.
Ah. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck.
Holy shit!
All right. Daniel?
I will be in my office with
the door closed for some time.
potentially several weeks.
Are you okay? What's wrong?
It might make you feel better
if you talk about it.
It's my business. Clair.
My personal business.
Ms. Cruz would like to see you
in her office immediately.
Well. why didn't you start with that?
You hadn't hurt my feelings yet.
- You wanted to see me?
- No.
-Right.
-He was talking to me.
Please come in.
And shut the door. Mr. Blanchflower.
So. with Peter in the hospital.
I'd like you to take over the day-to-day
operations of the legal department.
That is. if you're…
up for it.
Of course.
Shouldn't be too…
hard.
Okay. thank you. You can… Could you
close the door when you leave?
Actually. stay.
Sydney. we can finish this up later.
Can we?
I'd like to have
a few words with Mr. Blanchflower.
Yeah. Okay.
- Great job.
- Thank you.
-Could I help you with the…
-Whoa. absolutely not.
-Don't do that.
-Are you kidding me? 1952?
I think maybe turn around is the quickest
human way to move across a room.
-You want the door open or closed?
-Closed.
-Open?
-You know what? I'm gonna close it.
-Thank you.
-Please have a seat.
So. moving forward.
I'm hoping we can
work together without any further…
incidents.
Of course.
And I do apologize again for my--
I'm putting it behind me.
-Let's move on. Okay.
-Please.
I do hope you know I would never
consciously entertain
the thought of anything like that.
even if your company didn't have
a zero-tolerance policy
on interoffice relationships.
Mmm. Well. don't shit where you eat.
That's Captain Jack's number one rule.
That's my dad.
Oh. I'm well aware
of the famous Captain Jack Cruz.
War hero.
Entrepreneur.
-Hell of a storyteller.
-That's him.
And still on the board.
Is that honorary?
No.
He's still in there every board meeting.
If not. they would've replaced me by now
with some prep school Ivy Leaguer.
But aren't you doing incredibly well?
Yes. we are.
But. I think they'll always
just see me as Daddy's little girl.
That sounds…
not frustrating.
Well. if I don't see you again.
have a nice weekend.
-Uh. no.
-Oh.
Bye.
-See you Monday.
-Can't wait.
-Me too.
-I mean…
-For work.
For work.
-Cheerio.
-Yes. uh. cheerio.
Thank you.
You okay?
-Quick question.
-Yeah.
Is Ms. Bloom still staring me down.
and rubbing her belly
like a Bond villain strokes a cat?
Yes.
It's not good news.
Okay.
-Good luck. man.
-Thank you.
Slowed down and then…
he's brought back to the floor
and skipped past Kovačić.
Did that really nicely.
Maddison to Porro.
continuing to pick out passes.
That's really good!
Go home. It's Saturday.
If you are here. I'm here.
Okay. Just to be clear.
you are going to take a week off
when the baby comes. right?
If I can lay in a bed.
I can sit at a desk. Work is my priority.
Well. lots of people say that
before they have kids.
I'm not going to be one of those people!
I'm so sorry for shouting. Jackie.
I was artificially inseminated to avoid
the distractions of a relationship.
So the only people in my house are
going to be me and my army of nannies.
Oh God. and the. um…
baby.
Please feel free to reconsider on the day.
Hey. before you go. Falcon Airlines…
Fucking God Christ!
Are we still waiting to hear
if this fucking judge thinks
this bullshit lawsuit has merit?
Yeah. Daniel says that it's ridiculously
frivolous and we should be fine.
Okay.
Oh. um…
You know. the…
the other night…
after the deposition…
Uh-huh.
What?
-Nothing.
-What's happening right now? Jackie?
-It's nothing. Go home.
-Woman… Jackie!
You okay alone in here with her?
She's my sister.
And she's handcuffed to the table.
Be careful.
"She's my sister.
She's handcuffed to the table."
Where are you from?
Buckingham Palace. you prick.
I have to talk like this. Lizzy.
I can't go into court and say.
"Oi. objection. fuckface."
So…
What's going on with the birds?
Absolutely nothing
is going on with the birds.
Well. I worry about you.
It's been so long since you got laid.
Your balls must be like watermelons.
That isn't how balls work. Lizzy.
Worry about yourself.
I've never had more sex in my life.
I swear it's the accent.
The birds fucking love it.
Some days. I don't even wear pants.
-Elizabeth.
-Daniel…
go back home.
I don't need
my little brother to babysit me.
You're never gonna find anyone here.
These Americans aren't your type.
What's that?
Nothing.
It was fucking something.
It doesn't matter. There is someone
I like. but we can't be together.
Too big? Big ol' unit.
No. Lizzy.
Hairy belly?
Lizzy.
-Is it me. you sick fuck? I'm your sister.
-Jesus Christ. Lizzy. It's my boss.
-Is she fit?
-It isn't actually like that. She's…
smart.
She's dynamic.
She's like…
She's incredible.
-Is she fit?
-We shook hands and I got a boner.
It was so bad.
Fucking hell.
Well. ask her out. then.
I can't.
You don't shit where you eat.
I do. I shit where I eat.
Where I sleep.
where I read books. where I wank.
I can't.
Really. I can't.
I know ethics isn't your thing. Lizzy.
but I'd be disbarred. I'd…
I'd lose my visa.
I'm not going home without you.
You fucking idiot.
You're the fucking idiot. you prick.
Watch it!
There he is.
Welcome back. Peter.
Did you hurt your legs?
No. Rachael. I left the hospital
before they released me.
Meaning if I fell.
I would be legally obliged to sue
the airline and that's not happening.
Oh. shit.
Welcome back. Peter. How are you?
Ah. fantastic. I bankrupted the bastards
and then I took their food truck
as an extra fuck you
for almost killing me.
-It was a good day.
-Lovely stuff.
Would you like
an update on Falcon Airlines?
No need. I'm going to
get that bullshit thrown out
with a summary judgment so big
the judge is going to choke on it.
-If I may. I'm not too sure that's the--
-Whoa. whoa. whoa. little puppy.
I'll take it from here.
Big dog is back.
That's very good… All right.
It doesn't stop. Okay. Fine.
I love it!
What the fuck is this?
This is Vance's insane 200-page document
urging the judge to throw out the lawsuit.
What did he do? Did he track down
every guy I dated in the past ten years?
I guess he was hoping
to establish a pattern of behavior
in which you don't have sex.
which you really don't.
Uh. you were artificially inseminated.
I fuck.
Okay.
Jackie. the last guy to swear under oath
that you had sex was four years ago?
That can't be true.
-I've been busy.
-My poor. sweet little baby.
-You wanted to see me?
-No.
-He's talking to me.
-Okay.
-Have you read this?
-Twice.
-Why twice?
-It's my job.
As mortifying as this is…
do you think it will work?
-This is a conversation for Mr. Vance.
-No. you work for me. okay? Not Peter.
Tell me what you think. Tell me the truth.
This was a huge mistake.
We had a great argument that
didn't hinge on the fact that you're a…
A sexless freak.
-Okay.
-I was going to say odd prude.
-Don't love that.
-An Amish widow.
-Hate that even more.
-A choosy queen.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
What?
-You two fucking?
-No!
Jackie. you're in the middle of a lawsuit
that hinges on whether or not
you slept with a business associate.
I am very well aware of that.
If you fuck an employee.
you will lose your airline over that shit.
We are not sleeping together.
The board is looking for any excuse
to throw you out.
Don't give them the excuse.
Sydney! I have sworn affidavits
that say I'm not fucking anybody!
Okay. good. Plus.
you are way out of this guy's league.
It would be like Helen of Troy
having sex with Mr. Bean.
Thank you?
What do you want to do about Vance?
Yeah. I don't give a fuck.
Bring it. Yeah. see you there.
We're. uh. going to trial.
- My God.
- Whoa!
From now on. Daniel will be
running point on Falcon Airlines.
No. no. no. no. no.
No. no. you can't do that.
-Peter?
-You can't demote me!
I've put too much work. too many
goddamn marriages into this airline.
Let's just take a breath.
I will handle this case for you.
I will win this case for you. or I quit.
Oh God.
Good morning. Daniel Blanchflower.
Good morning. Daniel.
It's me. Jacqueline Cruz.
Ms. Cruz. of course. your name came up.
Thank God nobody stole your phone.
What can I do for you?
Emergency board meeting about Peter Vance
at 8:00 a.m. I need you there.
-Absolutely. I'll be there.
-Great. Thank you.
Okay.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
This whole thing is ridiculous.
Peter Vance is an old friend.
More importantly. a damn good lawyer.
And he messed up.
I'm sure you all read his document.
the details of which were… wildly false.
So you just replaced Peter Vance
with some new guy?
Daniel Blanchflower. sir.
Young man. when I'm talking to you.
you'll be the first to know it.
Eye contact would be a dead giveaway.
Mr. Blanchflower.
despite his recent arrival.
is the best person for the job.
and it's my call. I'm CEO.
At our pleasure. Ms. Cruz.
Your rash. emotional decision
has given us further doubt
you're the best man for the job.
Hot damn.
Got here just in time for the fireworks.
Captain Jack.
Hola. Francisco.
- Ladies and gentlemen. good morning.
- Good morning.
Gordita. how are you doing?
Dad.
Is Gordita like little cutie?
-Little fatty.
-Jesus.
Why the hell
did you replace Peter Vance
with a guy
who's still unpacking his office?
That about catch me up?
Mm-hmm.
The board is not happy with my decision.
Hmm. We work for them. honey.
not the other way around.
Jack. we do not like this decision.
and hate not being consulted.
I get it.
Gordita. you did
what you thought was right.
but now it's time
for cooler heads to prevail.
Now. the kid can second chair this
if that's what you want.
but Peter's our guy.
This is too important.
I know how important
Peter is to this company.
It was never my intention for him to quit.
Then call him up and apologize.
- Boom. Job done.
- Jack.
I'm sorry we keep coming back to this.
but we feel it's time
to bring in an experienced CEO.
It's time to make a change.
It is absolutely not the time.
Daniel Blanchflower.
I tried to introduce myself earlier.
but you were… rude.
Peter Vance is a good man
who made a terrible mistake.
And as for me.
frankly. I'm overqualified to be here.
I'm like Jude Bellingham
playing right back
for your Sunday League pub team.
Football. Soccer.
Pub team?
Jude Bellingham…
Great midfielder.
Thank you.
Ms. Cruz made the right decision.
just like all the decisions
she has made that have made you all
millions and millions of pounds.
Shit. Dollars. I'm genuinely very good.
If I were you.
I would keep trusting her decisions
until she surprises us all
by making a bad one.
Thank you.
May I say. I do not like this man.
God. really at all.
-Thank you. Sydney.
-But I do agree with what he just said.
Ms. Cruz. she knows what she's doing.
And I know better than
to disagree with a pregnant woman.
So. for now. we stick
with Gordita and the Brit. Yes?
Yes.
-Okay. yeah. I think…
-Okay.
♪ I want you ♪
We need to talk about the direct operating
costs of adding this gate at Dallas.
There's an additional large fleet.
so we're going to need to
factor in pilots. flight attendants.
maintenance contracts for the aircrafts.
and. of course. insurance for the fleet.
You were saying?
♪ Talk with my chambermaid
She knows that I'm not afraid ♪
-And…
-You guys!
♪ She is good to me
And there's nothing she doesn't see ♪
-Morning.
♪ She knows who I'd like to be
But it doesn't matter ♪
♪ I want you. I want you ♪
Excuse me.
-Morning.
-Good morning.
♪ I want you ♪
Oh. thanks. guys. You shouldn't have.
Happy birthday. Henry.
To the best guy ever.
-You're the man. Henry.
-Yeah!
Happy birthday. Henry.
You're an absolute cunt.
Your turn.
It was a compliment.
Not a compliment.
You can't say that in this office.
You can't say that word.
George. I understand that now. but it is
important to me that you understand
where I'm from. cunt is not a bad word.
Baba ghanoush!
-We use cunt for everything.
-Yeah. okay.
-All the time.
-Uh-huh.
If you got a parking ticket.
you might be like. you fucking cunt.
Don't need examples.
But if you saw an old friend.
you'd be like. cunt!
Because you like them.
If your team scored a goal.
you'd be like. get in. you cunts!
God!
Or if a mouse ran across your kitchen
tabletop. you'd be like. you cheeky cunt.
Bring it down.
It's how we process
the five stages of grief.
Cunt!
Cunt.
Honestly. George.
I'm not a cunt.
Stop!
Please. I want to get on my hands
and knees and beg you
to not say that word
ever again in this office.
I'm gonna have to write you up for this
because that was a lot coming at me.
-I understand.
-Yeah. Yeah.
Thank you. George. You're a good…
man.
God.
-While I'm here…
-Oh. good.
Our zero-tolerance dating policy.
-Yeah.
-Don't you think it's a little…
unrealistic?
It seems very difficult to stop people
from being attracted to each other.
And if the relationship were consensual
and if the behavior remained professional…
Yeah.
…shouldn't that be okay?
No.
-Daniel.
-Ms. Cruz.
Good day to you.
And a good day to you too. sir.
Hey. George. Got a minute?
Ms. Cruz. Yes. of course. Hello.
So. this. um…
zero-tolerance dating policy.
Yeah.
Don't you think it's a bit…
unrealistic?
Hmm?
Good news. bad news.
Bad news is you're…
you're being deposed again.
The good news is it's a different lawsuit.
A passenger that we removed
from a flight is suing you
and this judge is insisting that you
go to them and carve out two days.
Absolutely not.
It is in the Dominican Republic
where it's currently 86 degrees.
When do I leave?
- I'll take Cruz One.
- Good.
Two days in paradise.
Nobody deserves it more.
Who do you want from legal?
Probably you should take Rachael.
-Rachael would be good.
-She's the best.
-Rachael is the best. I love her.
-She really is.
Daniel?
Sorry.
Are… Are you asking me
if you should take me?
Or are you asking me
if you should take Rachael?
-I don't have a preference.
-Nor should you.
-I mean. you'd be great.
-He would be great.
Oh my God. Get it all done.
-Rachael is also great.
-Hard agree.
-Another smart decision.
-She'd be so fun to travel with.
But Daniel is the deposition king. right?
-Don't know about that.
-King?
-He rules.
-He wins.
He is.
Sure. For sure. Sure.
I just wonder.
with Daniel's new responsibilities.
maybe this assignment
is beneath his talents.
Hmm.
No. that's a good point.
That might be embarrassing.
-Would that be embarrassing?
-He's doing so much already.
-I know. but that…
-Like a vacation.
Are we overthinking this?
You're totally right.
As you say that.
I realize we are overthinking it.
I can't believe
we're still talking about it.
-I don't mind either way.
-I'll take Daniel.
I'd be delighted to go.
Happy to go. I would be…
okay to go.
And I'm okay for you to come.
-Okay.
-What a nightmare.
-Next item.
Daniel and Jackie will go
to the Dominican Republic. Moving on.
Um…
Excuse me. sir.
What's up. brother?
Cruz One?
Cruz One…
The plane that started it all.
Oh. God. It's a baby plane.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
Welcome aboard.
You're flying the plane?
Surely you knew.
I'm not just the CEO of Air Cruz.
I'm also a pilot.
I will admit. I did think that was
just a public relations thing
and you didn't actually fly planes.
But seriously…
you do fly planes?
It's been a while.
But I do use a simulator all the time.
Although to be honest. I think that they
might put it on easy because I'm the boss.
Fuck! Jesus.
Whoops! Sorry.
My bad.
Here we go.
Wee!
We're flying!
Oh shit!
Hello.
This is your captain speaking.
Flight time is four hours.
A little bit longer
if we run into any grumpy weather.
You can stay back there
all by yourself for the whole flight
or you can join me up here.
No. I… I don't want to be a distraction.
You keep focusing on
what it is you're doing. please.
I can't hear a word you're saying.
You're going to have to come
put on one of these if you want to talk.
Hi.
Is that you and Captain Jack?
Yeah. my first solo flight.
Solo?
I was 13 years old.
What?
I learned how to fly
sitting right up here on his lap.
Sometimes I think we spent
more time together up here
than we ever did on the ground.
And then we realized that if we just had
some rich dude ride in the back.
we could pay for gas and repairs.
Wow.
And from that. a whole airline.
Amazing.
So. how'd you get into the law?
Well. I wanted to be despised
by the entire planet.
and traffic warden didn't pay enough.
Did your simulator do this?
Daniel. I am an honest-to-God pilot.
I've flown through much worse than this.
I've been through blizzards
and lightning storms and hurricanes.
You name it.
Jesus. this is…
Hey. look at me.
I got you.
I will not let you fall out of the sky.
That last bit kind of made it sound worse.
Thank you. Ms. Cruz.
Call me Jackie.
Jackie.
Ms. Cruz. as you know.
my client was judged harshly.
-and without trial…
-Sorry.
…by the court of social media
in a post featuring a…
-So sorry.
-Sorry.
Please.
…featuring a video
that completely misrepresented
why my client urinated
on the cockpit door.
Dinner?
What'd you say?
Oh. Doesn't matter.
No. I didn't hear what you said.
I wasn't reacting to what you said.
It's nothing. Never mind. Sorry.
-Want to have dinner?
-Yes.
-Buenas.
Can I get you two something to drink?
Piña colada?
Um…
No. thanks. No.
But I will have the mahi-mahi.
and instead of vegetables I'll have fries.
Uh. and please can I have the steak.
but instead of the fries
I'll have the vegetables. Gracias.
-We can just switch.
-Yeah.
Yeah.
The perfect couple.
-No. this is just a work dinner.
-No. Please.
-It's a work dinner.
-Ah.
But you know what? Just one drink.
-One drink.
-Yeah.
-Dos piña colada.
-Okay.
Piña colada.
-I like her.
-That's fun.
So…
work?
♪ Dim all the lights. sweet darling ♪
♪ 'Cause tonight it's all the way ♪
♪ Turn up the old Victrola… ♪
Yes?
Gracias. No.
Yes.
No.
I am literally your boss.
Okay. go.
Yes! First time!
That was impressive.
I'm undefeated.
Oh. I used to love this song.
That is a fucking banger.
Let's dance.
Come on.
♪ We've found the perfect love ♪
♪ And I'm like a cup. come fill me up ♪
♪ Dim all the lights. sweet darlin' ♪
♪ 'Cause the night is on the way
Oh. baby ♪
♪ Turn up the old Victrola ♪
♪ Gonna dance the night away ♪
Come on! Don't tell me you're one of
those people who never dance.
I am trying my best to do the right thing.
But we're just dancing!
♪ Dim all the lights. sweet darlin' ♪
♪ Gonna dance the night away ♪
Fuck.
Okay.
♪ I wanna hold the hand inside you ♪
♪ I wanna take a breath that's true ♪
♪ I look to you and I see nothing ♪
♪ I look to you to see the truth ♪
♪ Fade into you ♪
♪ Strange you never knew ♪
I really love working with you.
And I would hate to fuck that up.
♪ Fade into you ♪
I feel the same way.
♪ I think it's strange you never knew ♪
As your attorney. I do feel
the need to remind you that…
due to your company's policy…
it is my recommendation…
-Shut up.
-Sustained.
Well…
that was…
surprising.
I mean.
you're normally so calm and gentle.
I don't honestly know what happened.
I normally just lie very still
and apologize the whole time.
Yeah. right. Well…
this new thing is working for you.
-Can I say something?
-Yeah.
That was exactly
what I imagined it would be like.
Not that I've thought about it
every second of every day at work…
No. of course not. Me either.
- Room service!
- It's breakfast.
Anyone in there?
Coming!
Coming. coming. coming. Oh. shit!
-Hi.
You'll have to excuse my lazy husband.
- He's just getting out of bed.
- No judgments.
I've walked in on everything.
Orgies. suicides. pornos. births.
cockfights. circumcisions. you name it.
Whoo!
Coffee. my angel?
Yes. You know how I like it.
Oh. yeah.
I gave you extra bacon strips.
They say it causes cancer.
but you only live once.
-Thank you.
-Oh yeah. sure.
Let me get that.
Oh. my goodness. I can retire. Thank you.
Thank you. Cheers.
-Thank you.
-You all right?
You two really have something special.
- I mean it.
- Thank you.
-Yeah. Okay. Good.
-That means a lot.
-This never happened.
-Yeah.
-Right? I mean…
-Right.
-I can't. And you can't. so. you know. we…
-No.
Mm-hmm.
Can't do it.
Correct.
And…
this can never happen again.
Absolutely not.
I called my landlord.
but they said they can't deal with
the smell until they figure out--
Good afternoon. Ms. Cruz.
Afternoon. Clair.
Before I sign the contract. I wanted you
to approve it from a legal standpoint.
Of course. My pleasure.
Uh…
Yes. I think that works.
Outstanding.
You can breathe now. Clair.
Thank you.
What is going on?
Why are you in the legal department?
And you were smiling. Why were
you smiling in the legal department?
Sydney. you have way too much going on
to worry about every step I take at…
I'm sorry. Let's take the elevator.
I am perfectly capable
of going up a flight of stairs.
Okay.
Will you please go home?
You have been acting strangely
ever since the Dominican Republic.
I am so on to you.
Mmm!
What's that?
What?
-This.
-Oh! This…
That's my delicious happy food dance.
Oh. right.
Doesn't everybody dance when their food
is delicious and they're happy?
Well. they should.
I am starting to see
why you like eating in the cold.
Yeah. I like to keep
an eye on my competition.
Mm-hmm.
I grew up looking at that city thinking.
"One day. I'll be good enough
to be one of them."
Fuck them.
Manhattan couldn't handle you.
Plus. I like it here.
New Jersey?
It's the most beautiful place on Earth.
-Thank you. Where's the restroom?
-First door on the right.
Okay. Just be a second.
Left!
I meant… I meant left!
Holy shit.
Okay. Don't…
Just forget about that. It's nothing.
-Excuse me. If you wouldn't mind.
-It's okay.
I…
What the actual fuck?
It's a joke.
It's all a joke. It's a…
I like British stuff.
Because my father
was stationed there when I was a kid
and I go there all the time. and each time
I just pick up
a little something from the airport.
And after a while. I just had all this
British stuff laying around
and Sydney was like.
"You should have a room of British stuff."
So I made one as a joke. and…
You cannot sit there. I'm sorry.
-That's just for royalty.
-My apologies.
And then every. you know.
birthday and Christmas.
Sydney would buy me more British stuff
only because it was
so funny to have a British room…
as a joke.
So…
you have a thing for British guys?
I'm your… kink?
Absolutely not.
It's a fun thing. It's like…
It's… It's nothing!
It's… not a thing.
It's no thing.
It's the opposite of a thing.
Hmm.
♪ I love how your eyes close ♪
♪ Whenever you kiss me ♪
♪ And when I'm away from you ♪
♪ I love how you miss me… ♪
Uh…
It's not a joke. is it?
It's okay.
I have a fetish
for powerful women with perfect bums.
So you know how this works. right?
Go on.
You have to stand at attention.
and you cannot move…
no matter what I do.
Fuck.
-Shh!
-Mm-hmm.
You have to protect the Queen.
Mm-hmm.
Keep the hat on.
As you wish. ma'am.
Do you believe in reincarnation?
Holy shit.
I must have done something
pretty incredible in my last life
to end up here with you.
Like I must have been…
Gandhi or something.
I do worry that means I have to come back
as a worm in my next life
just to balance things out.
What about you?
I want to come back as a cat.
You know. just like laying around all day
trying to find the sunny spot.
Being all cold and mean to my owners
when they're feeling needy.
You'd make a great cat.
Yes. absolutely.
You'd make a very sexy worm.
Thank you.
Fuck!
Do you believe in magic?
Like… Gandalf?
No. like magic. Like…
fate. destiny. that kind of thing.
Honestly. since I first walked into
your office I believe in everything.
Two please.
What about you?
I believe you're trying to make
your way back into this bed one day.
Is it working?
Like magic.
Do you believe in true love?
Not until very recently.
So I guess we're doing this.
Absolutely.
Okay. but no fooling around
at the office.
Never at the office.
I mean it. If we got caught.
it could destroy everything I've built.
Your life's work.
And it would be so tacky.
Oh. so very tacky.
Good day. Jackie. Uh. Ms. Cruz.
Jackie's fine. Everybody calls me Jackie.
Bye. guys.
-Bye. Jackie.
-Bye-bye. Jackie.
I've never called her Jackie before.
She is not a Jackie.
It's gonna be
difficult to top this
when it's my turn to take you for dinner.
Well. you fly millionaires around for
decades and you learn a few nice spots.
My God. I have so much sand in my butt.
If you turn me over you could tell time.
You're very strange.
Oh. thank you.
No. I mean…
at work they're terrified of you.
They tell ghost stories about you.
Why don't you let them see you?
The real you. Sandy bum and all.
I don't know. I…
I did once.
And I married him.
And then he preferred
to see his secretary.
And the whole office knew and that sucked.
So I just…
Guess I went into my shell
and I stayed there.
What about you?
Never married?
No.
Why has a catch like you
never settled down?
Nothing dramatic.
The usual.
So. where to now?
We have the whole weekend.
We can go to Puerto Rico. Miami.…
If you can keep your mouth shut.
I can fly us in and out of Cuba.
Shit. I can't.
I have something tomorrow morning.
What?
Just. um. personal stuff.
Oh.
I can come over tomorrow afternoon.
We can go anywhere in the world. I just…
have to be back tonight.
Right.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
Just something I have to do.
Something personal.
Right.
I won't ask any more about it then.
I appreciate that.
Thank you.
You shagged her. didn't you?
We've been at it non-stop
and my dick hurts.
Yes!
My man.
Hello?
Can I help you?
Sure can.
How are you today?
Stan?
You know my name?
Of course.
Yeah. Daniel told me to ask for Stan.
You know Daniel.
I know Daniel.
Yeah. Well. I'm here to do
exactly what Daniel is here to do.
You're here to see his sister?
His sister?
Yes!
You're not on the list. You gotta be
on the list to see a prisoner.
Right. No problem.
I'll get going. Thank you so much.
Can you open the door? Thank you.
Nah. Don't sweat it.
If you know Daniel. I'm sure it's okay.
I don't want to get anybody in trouble.
Just press the button.
We're good. Just sign right here.
Okay.
Hi.
Jackie Cruz.
-Yeah. how did you know--
-She just know things.
My brother didn't tell you
where he was sneaking off to.
so you followed him.
You're fucking mental.
I love it. Take a seat.
Joe. coffee for two?
No. Lizzy.
I tell you what to do.
When I got arrested.
he dropped everything.
Gave up his huge job. Moved out here.
I'd be on death row if it wasn't for him.
Death row?
Wow. um…
I chopped a guy's head off with a machete.
-Oh! Jesus.
-Yeah.
Fucking hell.
Why?
I didn't like the cunt.
Sorry.
Cunt's not a bad word where I'm from.
No. Daniel keeps telling me.
Well. the point is.
that's how good a lawyer my brother is.
Instead of getting the electric chair.
I'm up here with these posh birds
absolutely cleaning up.
That's so… That's nice.
-He's a good boy.
-Yeah.
You treat him right. you get me?
Yes. Uh…
Of course. Cross my heart and hope to die…
I don't want to die.
Well. cheers to that.
Cheers.
Whoa! God.
What the hell are you doing?
You…
You were being so weird and so vague
that I just let my imagination run wild.
So you followed me?
-I'm sorry.
-That's insane.
-Lizzy understood?
-Lizzy's insane.
You encouraged me…
greatly encouraged me
to be more open and vulnerable.
How can you do that
when you're hiding things from me?
There is a vast difference
between hiding things and being private.
I am a private person.
Hey.
I'm private.
But you and I stopped being private
the minute that you came in my hair.
-That was a mistake and I apologized.
-You lied to me.
Repeatedly.
God. I hate being lied to.
Like when someone
doesn't have the balls to tell you
they've fallen in love with someone else.
They lie. tell you everything's fine.
And years later you realize that
when you surprised him on that work trip
that the reason that you didn't fuck
is not because he was sick.
it was because there was a woman under
the bed or in the closet or the bathroom.
I don't know where she was.
but she was there
when I knocked on the door wearing
nothing but knee-high boots and a raincoat
like an absolute fucking jackass.
Jesus.
-Always tell me the truth.
-I didn't lie to you.
You lied by omission.
Okay? You were being shady.
You spied on me.
That is the shadiest shit.
Okay. You know what? I gotta go.
Jackie. come on.
Jackie.
We're doing great.
Things couldn't be better.
And I'm truly excited
about our future together.
A profitable future
that may sound like a dream
but I assure you
is much closer to being a reality.
Thank you.
Courtney Armour. Wall Street Journal.
Ms. Cruz. a lot of shareholders
have valid concerns
about how the pending lawsuit
from Falcon Airlines
will affect this profitable future.
Well. our chief legal officer
can best comment on that.
Oh.
Yes. Uh. absolutely. I can.
This lawsuit is beyond frivolous.
and frankly offensive.
and I have zero doubt we will prevail.
Falcon Airlines seems to think that
Ms. Cruz obtained the gates in Dallas
through an improper relationship.
See. that's ridiculous.
I understand the difference between
my professional life and my personal life.
and I would never cross that line.
I would never sleep with a colleague.
I would never sleep with an employee
and I would never sleep with my lawyer.
Exactly.
She is a woman of integrity.
What the fuck just happened?
I don't know.
I think I blacked out.
-So. was that insane?
-Yes. Seemed pretty insane.
Jesus Christ. we are fucked.
We are fucking fucked.
Hi! What's up?
-Are you good?
-Super good.
You guys. that was amazing.
-Thank you.
-It was nothing.
-Incredible.
-Extraordinary. You guys killed it.
We're gonna just go over
this one little legal thing.
Sure. yeah.
But… yeah.
Well. that's it.
-That's it.
-What's it?
I…
We can't be together.
We couldn't be together before. but now?
If somebody found out now?
Right. Of course. you're right.
Besides. this attraction is probably
just pheromones. You know. like…
the excitement of like sneaking around.
That stuff wears off.
We're not worth your company.
Right?
Right.
You don't tell me shit.
I don't know anything about you.
who you are. what you want.
What am I supposed to want?
Such an American thing to ask.
I don't want. I…
survive.
I carry on.
I want to get my sister back home.
And I want to try to get her help.
And I want to do a good job at work.
What else am I supposed to want?
Nothing.
Sounds like you're all set.
So we agree.
This is…
We're done.
Moving forward. I hope we can continue
to work together without any…
You'll have no issues with me.
Like we never happened.
They said it would take a couple weeks.
I told them to get it done in one.
Okay. let's get this over with.
Not the sexiest topic.
but brand positioning and marketing.
Thank you for joining us.
Mr. Blanchflower.
So sorry.
Falcon Airlines filed an injunction
to freeze the gates in Dallas
until after the trial. but--
We're up in 31 days.
We've sold tickets. hired staff.
I just bought 40 planes.
This will bankrupt us.
You have to stop it immediately.
I already did.
I filed an opposition
and the judge denied the motion.
-That's why I was…
-Oh God.
…ooh. one minute late.
Well done. Mr. Blanchflower.
Just doing my job. Ms. Cruz.
Thank you. Clair.
Any plans for tonight?
It's okay.
I did ask.
Going to dinner with my mom
and her new boyfriend. Kenny.
She was really worried
I wouldn't like him. but he's nice.
I think he's good for her.
I'm glad to hear it.
I love being in each other's lives.
Mm-hm.
Good night. Clair.
When did you and Jackie stop fucking?
Excuse me?
Anyone can hide being in love.
but nobody can hide being in a fight.
"Well done. Mr. Blanchflower."
"Oh. well. just doing my job. Ms. Cruz."
I am struggling to follow this. Sydney.
Do you have any idea how hard
it's been for Jackie to run this company?
-How much she's sacrificed?
-Of course.
You know nothing.
Jackie made all of this happen because
nobody works harder than her. except…
God. what is that one girl's name?
Oh yeah. me.
And you are not going to be the reason
that all of that hard work and dedication…
Shit.
-My water broke.
-Oh.
Hold on. let me call the number.
Shit. what's the number
for emergency here?
Get up. get down.
What the fuck are you doing?
It's a joke in your town.
What is the joke?
911!
911. yes. 911 is a joke in your… Yes!
There is a lady in labor.
Air Cruz headquarters.
-Sydney. please take a seat. God.
-No. it's happening now.
It's happening now?
It's happening now!
Can you see how… what's happening?
Wow. Okay. there is a huge bulge.
I fear we need to remove your underpants.
-Take them off!
-I… Okay. I will. but I won't look.
Excuse me. sorry. I have it… For the bin?
Who the fuck cares?
Right. sit on this. And…
I think I have to look now.
Do I have your consent to look?
-Stop being so fucking British.
-Okay then!
I'm going to be looking.
Are you ready? I am looking now.
Oh dear!
The head is there. I'm looking at a head.
Way more hair than I was expecting.
On the baby.
Sydney. I think it's just one push.
Come look at this head.
There's a whole head. Look.
Oh my God. it's so hairy. The baby.
You know.
it looks like it's just a big push.
-Just one push.
-One big push.
-We're here with you.
-Yes.
-It's okay.
-You can do this. Sydney.
Ready? Oh God.
Are you two in love with each other?
What? Sydney!
Sydney. our relationship
is completely professional.
Something happened
in the Dominican Republic!
Nothing happened! Okay?
Sydney. please push!
I will not push until you confess!
Okay. Sydney. I love you and I support you
but right now
you need to shut the fuck up and push!
-You need to push. Sydney!
-Not until you admit it!
All right! We had sex! It happened!
We fucked our brains out. all right?
I knew it!
Oh my God.
You did it. sweetie! Oh my God.
it's a girl. You did it. Sydney.
It's a… It's a…
It's a girl!
Yes. I suppose it is.
A beautiful baby girl.
Oh my God.
Look. Syd.
You can stop looking now.
Absolutely. yes. I'd love to. actually.
Thank you very much.
Hang on. so Sydney just waltzed in
on you and Daniel and gave birth?
Oh. no. Daniel was in there alone.
and then I came in there after.
separately.
I swear. I have never seen a…
Oh God.
Oh.
-Good morning.
-Sydney!
-Yeah?
-No.
Well. come on. women all over
the world go right back to work
the day after they give birth.
-Yes. but they shouldn't.
-No. I'm fine.
Oh my God. Can't I force you to go home?
You can't. actually.
I could sue you. It's a legal matter.
You know who we should ask?
Daniel. "Daniel! Daniel! Oh. Daniel!"
I'll take her to my office.
She needs to rest.
-Congratulations.
-Well done.
Girl mom.
-You wanted to see me?
-No.
-Oh! What are you doing here?
-You thought this was a booty call?
What? No. we broke up.
You gave birth yesterday.
Yeah. My God.
Okay. We just did a whole thing. Okay?
She's staying.
I do need to talk to both of you. though.
Professionally.
-Of course.
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
William Butten. from Falcon Airlines.
has asked to meet with me.
-Hm.
-A dinner.
Any ideas why?
I'll go.
I think he's throwing in the towel.
People hate bullies and maybe
this whole lawsuit is
making Falcon Airlines look like
Regina George on Pink Day.
From Mean Girls.
The movie Mean Girls.
The film with what's her name?
That's not… Don't look at that.
-Would you please go home?
-No.
I just need to pump.
Daniel. what do you think?
-Go home to your child.
-I'm not going to.
What about Falcon Airlines?
I agree with Sydney. I expect
he wants to withdraw the lawsuit
whilst also making an offer
to buy the airline.
I mean. that is what they do.
You should prepare yourself.
It will be a good offer.
You could live the rest of your life
doing whatever you want.
wherever you want. with…
whoever you want.
Okay. that's it.
I'm taking her home. Let's go.
Sydney. Okay.
- Baby needs you.
- Everything's fine.
Thank you for joining me. Ms. Cruz.
It's my pleasure. Bill.
What's up?
Yes. Let's get right to it.
I want you to release those gates back
to DFW. who will then give them to me.
Never going to happen. Bill.
This silly lawsuit is not going to work.
Yes. Charles Johnson and I had dinner
and coffee the next morning.
All I did was tell him
I'd get more flights
in and out of his airport.
more people
in and out of his bars and restaurants.
I didn't bribe him.
I didn't sleep with him.
All I did was tell him the truth.
We're the better airline.
You're right about the lawsuit.
It won't work. I knew that.
That's why I had a backup plan.
You recognize my private investigator?
Julie Schatz.
She's been following you
to get something I could use against you.
And boy. oh boy. did she.
I'm sorry.
but it's the only thing I'm good at.
Believe me. if I could tap dance.
we wouldn't be here right now.
But you two really look good together.
That was not a lie.
Good old Julie Schatz.
Saved me a fortune on my divorce… s.
Ah. I'll have the…
Macallan 30.
- I'm celebrating.
- All right.
And for you?
He'll release the pictures.
which will get me fired
for sleeping with an employee.
Unless I release the gates. which will
get me fired for being a shitty CEO.
Am I missing a non-shitty option?
Sorry. Jackie. I don't see a scenario
where you keep your job here.
6-11.
Manna from Heaven. 6-11.
This is the best breakfast burrito
I've ever had.
Because there's love
in that burrito.
This is my true calling.
6-12. Give 'em hell! 6-12.
I can't believe that Peter Vance
is running a food truck.
Nah. I just work here.
I live in service now.
I gave Enrique his truck back.
He taught me how to cook.
how to chew my food properly.
Gracias. Enrique.
De nada. big dog.
He's the best.
You know you were the one
I always ran to when I needed advice.
You got any now?
You just gotta figure out
what's most important to you.
There's a voice inside you. Jackie.
It took me 40 years to hear mine.
All you gotta do is listen.
Okay.
Best fucking burrito ever!
You got that right.
6-13. Lean and mean.
Vaya con Dios.
The equipment is
just sitting there for the taking.
At that price.
someone else is gonna grab it.
Whoa. Gordita. Slow down.
Hear. hear.
Thank you. Captain Jack.
Okay.
Okay. Daddy. We'll wait.
Good girl.
Do you have a second?
Of course.
Come in.
My…
My letter of resignation.
Whatever you do. you're gonna
need someone to represent you.
and after those pictures.
it obviously can't be me.
Back to London?
Manhattan.
Big firm. Reputable.
Probably absolutely teeming
with dickheads.
Well. good luck.
I wish you the best.
And please tell Lizzy that
it was your fault that we broke up.
Already done. You're good.
Thanks.
Thank you. Jackie.
It has been a pleasure.
All of it.
Before I go…
there is one thing.
You are an exceptional CEO.
Which is why I cannot understand why
you will let one man tell you what to do.
He's got pictures. Daniel.
I'm not talking about that prick.
I'm talking about your dad.
-What?
-Come on. Jackie.
Next to you. he's nothing.
He's a joke. He's a fucking mascot.
That's my father
that you're talking about.
I know. It's bullshit
you let him push you around.
-Nobody pushes me around.
-Come on. Jackie.
-He's the only thing standing in your way.
-We're done here.
God. I knew you would leave.
Good luck in Manhattan.
Okay.
♪ Wall eyes ♪
-Morning.
♪ Ceiling felt too high ♪
♪ Nights were falling down skies ♪
♪ Was no look in the eyes ♪
♪ Come back ♪
What's up?
Have a seat.
You've been cleaning up my messes since
you were old enough to push a broom.
Since Mom left and Dad took it out on us.
For once in your tight-ass life.
look after yourself.
What do you want?
I don't know.
I think I fucked up her whole life.
Not sure I can do anything now.
You've made huge sacrifices for me
and this company.
And I am so grateful.
Okay. am I about to get fired?
No.
I'm resigning.
This place gives you
a lot of time to think.
I've spent many nights going over
and over what I did to put me in here.
And if I could erase it
and do it again…
I would.
-I'd cut his fucking head off.
-Lizzy!
It still makes me happy
when I think about it.
So whatever you decide…
make sure you can live with it locked up
in a box for the rest of your life.
♪ Come back ♪
♪ Was wild and unsure ♪
♪ And naked and pure ♪
♪ Come back ♪
A Sydney Bloom is here to see you.
She brought a… a baby.
Sydney. what a pleasant surprise.
I was just--
Baby fell asleep. Fight quietly.
You chicken shit.
milquetoast piece of crap.
You're gonna make Jackie do this alone?
When it's your fucking fault
she's doing it.
You're no longer pregnant so I don't
have to put up with your shit anymore.
Trust me. sir.
You have not begun to see my shit.
How could you do this to her
with your mayonnaise. ice cream face?
I have a long list of things I would like
to say about your face. but I won't do it.
What? Cut from marble? Perfect?
Michelle Pfeiffer on steroids?
Benedict Cumberbatch in a porn wig. huh?
Sydney. for the love of God.
would you please tell me
what it is you're actually referring to?
This.
-Right.
-Yeah.
-How's the baby?
-Incredible.
Resigning for personal reasons.
Bullshit. Gordita.
You sure?
Well…
Then he can't use those stupid pictures.
Air Cruz keeps the gates. keeps growing.
I realize that
that's what's most important to me.
The company.
I've worked too hard
to just let it all fall apart.
So I'll resign.
Trust me. the board will be thrilled.
Fuck the board.
Dad. don't do that. okay?
You love this. This is great for you.
You get to swoop in and save the day.
and take over until
they find a replacement for me.
Why are you like this?
You know the only thing
I will not miss from my job?
Is standing in front of the board with
that frozen smile while you belittle me.
They see me kicking your ass.
then they don't do it.
Okay. that's bullshit.
How about nobody kicks my ass?
How about nobody
calls me fucking gordita at work?
It's a term of affection.
It keeps them thinking
I'm the same girl sitting on your lap
while you do the actual flying.
And we both know who did what. Dad.
Hold yourself right there. lady. Wait.
Let's get one thing straight.
I started this.
This is my airline.
And you were going bankrupt.
You were thinking about
taking on crop-dusting jobs.
I said go bigger.
I went out and got the money to get more
planes. I pushed to go commercial.
Why is it so hard
for you to acknowledge what I did?
Come on.
I've always said that you're a great CEO.
Haven't I always said that?
Not once.
At the top of the hour.
Air Cruz CEO Jacqueline Cruz
will be making an announcement
and investors are watching closely.
The company declined
to comment ahead of time
but expectations are high
that this could signal
a meaningful change for the airline.
When she's done. do me a favor.
Remind me to send some flowers.
To myself.
I don't expect much pushback.
because. quite frankly.
they can't afford it.
I see our good friends at Sandlex
Pharmaceuticals are being sued again.
I think this is one for you.
Mr. Blanchflower.
Jesus. it's like talking to my own kids.
Daniel!
I'm… sorry. sir.
I think you need to get someone else.
I'm very grateful
for the job you gave me. but…
I…
…quit.
Excuse me? You can't just up and quit.
Please forgive me. but I have
45 minutes to get to New Jersey
to stop the woman I love
from making a terrible mistake.
Good luck defending the billion-dollar
pharmaceutical company.
Pick up. Pick up. pick up. pick up.
Come on. Blankpowder. pick up.
Yes. I will leave a message.
and the message is this.
I always thought you were a gutless bitch.
but I secretly hoped you weren't.
Hold. please. Jackie.
is there anything that I can say to
convince you not to go through with this?
Let's get this over with.
I could pull the fire alarm
after I set fire to the building.
Wish me luck.
If you are not here in 30 seconds.
I will crush your skull with my bare hands
and then shove it right up your…
Cunts!
You're all a bunch of cunts!
The bad kind!
Quiet. quiet. quiet. quiet. Here it comes.
Schatz. turn it up.
-Turn it up!
-All right.
Good morning.
I want to welcome
our colleagues and our guests and…
Thank you all for taking the time
to be here today.
I know most of you
are expecting me to announce
our expansion into Dallas-Fort Worth…
but that's not what I'm…
Jackie!
About fucking time.
What I'm here to tell you
is that I've made a decision…
and I am stepping down.
I am so sorry I'm late.
The Holland Tunnel was bumper to bumper.
It's insane to me
that that's how you lot get around.
Two lanes?
If one bad thing happens.
two cities shut down.
Mr. Blanchflower. we are
in the middle of a press conference here.
Ms. Cruz…
I needed to tell you something
before you did this. Could we…
Could we please take a moment outside?
You have everybody's attention.
If you have something to say. just say it.
But it's private.
Right.
Well. then it's gonna have to wait.
Please excuse the interruption.
As I was saying…
I have made the decision…
-and I am stepping down.
-Ms. Cruz and I slept together.
What the fuck?
There.
I said it.
Now everyone knows…
and he can't do anything
with those stupid pictures
in which you look really beautiful.
No. no. no. no.
- Ms. Cruz and I…
- No. no. no. no.
…violated this company's zero-tolerance
policy on interoffice relationships.
But our relationship wasn't inappropriate.
It was
appropriate and…
magical.
We did try to be professional.
We really did but…
I got a boner just talking to her.
I mean. you've seen her.
She's so fit. It's unbelievable.
Daniel. that actually was private.
Some things are private.
This is all new to me. I don't know where
the line is. I do now. Boner is too far.
Anything below the waist. too far.
Understood.
Jackie. My God. it's hot in here.
It was freezing outside
and it's boiling in here.
Let's fight him. Jackie.
That's what I would have
said to you 15 minutes ago
if the Holland Tunnel had
more than two lanes.
It's honestly
the maddest thing I've ever seen.
You should have taken the bridge.
You're right.
You're always right. You're undefeated.
Don't quit. Jackie.
You're too bloody good at this.
The Brit's right.
He's finally talking sense.
She's the brains behind this operation.
Always has been.
And if she goes. I go.
You knock me out.
Ms. Cruz.
It took me 30 years…
and a very polite British lawyer
to finally stand up to that man.
Thank you. Daddy.
You're welcome. baby.
God. That was meant for him.
I'm so sorry. Of course it was.
My apologies. sir. Forgive me.
Jackie.
You once told me
to always tell you the truth.
So here's the truth.
I love you.
I do. I love this woman.
And I want to work with you.
I want to spend the rest of our lives
together for all the days we have left
until we die
and come back as a worm and a cat.
Psst!
Press conference.
We're currently at a press conference.
Right.
No.
I'm not stepping down.
It's my name on the side of that plane
and a graphic I designed in crayon
sitting on the floor of my dad's office
when I was 12 years old.
And I'll tell you something else.
Daniel isn't the only relationship
that I've had at work.
I've had relationships…
with all my employees.
They're my family.
From now on. I'm going to make sure
you guys all know
how much you mean to me.
Because I'm not going anywhere.
I am standing here to proudly announce
that we are expanding
into Dallas-Fort Worth.
And anyone who wants to fight me on
that is going to need a hell of a lawyer.
Because I've got
the best one in New Jersey.
Which means
I have the best one in the world.
Yo. Jersey!
Jersey!
Jersey. baby!
Yes! Go on. brother!
Turn it off. Schatz.
Schatz! Turn it off!
You know. I could still lose
my job. my company.
and everything I've worked for.
I won't let you fall out of the sky.
♪ I need love. love to ease my mind ♪
♪ I need to find
Find someone to call mine ♪
♪ But mama said you can't hurry love ♪
So. I got your memo about
interoffice relationships--
Yeah. It states that they are permitted
as long as they are declared.
-Right there.
-Yeah.
So. you know the guy
who looks like a hot elf
who works in the mailroom. Marcus?
I've been fucking him
for about a year and a half.
And he's the father of this child.
Breathe. breathe. George.
And he's also the creator
of many. many. many. many orgasms.
So. just wanted to keep you in the loop.
Uh. thank you.
So. Heather and I have
started seeing each other.
It's just wonderful.
Um. we actually finally
went all the way last night.
-I don't need the details.
-I don't mind.
So. she started by kissing me
on my down there.
And then started working in circles.
Which. um…
Turns out circles are my favorite shape.
Quick heads up.
Someone broke into my office and
downloaded pornography onto my laptop.
And desktop.
And phone.
Peter Vance and I made love
at the office Christmas party.
Everyone knows. Rachael.
We all heard you screaming.
Baby… that was him.
Ooh. wowza.
Gary and I need to disclose that we are
in a consensual. intimate relationship.
Okay.
So. what is Luke doing here?
I watch.
We couldn't do it without him.
Ah. let me take a wild guess.
You're here to tell me
that you two are fucking.
We're here to tell you that
we keep duplicating our workload.
And we wanted help clarifying
our job descriptions
so that we could avoid inefficiencies.
Oh. God. I'm sorry.
And we're fucking.
There it is.
Is it okay to send somebody a dick pic
if it's not your dick and it's a drawing?
I would like to work here.
This is my résumé
and. um. some naked pictures of me.
Get the fuck out of my office.
I just want to let you know that I have
not done anything with anyone.
But I'm up for it.
Can you write that down? I am up for it.
You are up for it
because that's what this says.
-I have to ask you to take these down.
-Aw.
I sucked off Dave.
So did I.
Well. Dave went down on me.
And you wonder why I'm so tired.
But everyone here should get tested.
Ms. Cruz. Mr. Blanchflower.
what can I do for you?
You want me to make it okay
for people to freely take a shit
and throw it at each other?
No. George.
We just wanted to drop by
and. as per your policy.
officially declare that…
We're getting married.
-No.
-Yes!
You're invited. Everyone's invited.
The wedding's going to be in London.
A destination wedding.
I know. but. you know. free flight. so.
Oh. this is wonderful news.
As husband and wife.
your relationship is above board
and it's finally
appropriate for the office.
Yes! Thought you'd appreciate that.
-Very much.
-Thank you so much. George.
Thank you. George.
This means a lot.
You can finally get
a good night's sleep tonight.
Yeah. I will.
-Open or closed?
-Closed.
Thank you. George.
♪ You can't hurry love
You just have to wait ♪
♪ You gotta trust. give it time ♪
Baba ghanoush!
♪ No matter how long it takes ♪
♪ Now wait ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm